**Happy New Year!** 🌸

To wish you a happy brand new 2026, here are some exciting updates that have come to Joodle:

**What's New**

- Added a higher snap position for the split view. This view will show more notes content, and enlarge the doodle drawing to fill the width of the device. Also updated the position of the doodle to be horizontally centered.
- Updated the layout when you are in "Normal" view mode. Each row is exactly 7 days representing a week. The layout will adjust its position such that it follows the actual weekday starting from the "Start of Week" (Sunday or Monday), which you can configure in the "Settings".
- Updated Year Grid Share Card such that progress percentage will only be shown for the current year.
- Updated the appearance of Anniversary Alarms to differentiate from the Daily Reminder. Anniversary Alarms are individual alarm you can set for a particular future entry to get reminded at the set time. The icons have been replaced with the "alarm" instead of a "bell" to differentiate from Daily Reminder, which is to remind you to draw a doodle for today.
- Added a new tutorial for "How to quick peek at the weekday labels in 'Normal' view mode".

**Improvements & Bugfix**

- Improved animated doodle playback so that it feels more natural.
- Improved drag handle interaction.
- Unified the use of "scribble.variable" icons everywhere.
- Fixed daily reminder only triggers notification if today's entry has not been filled. If you have already filled your entry for today, the reminder will not be triggered.
- Fixed wrong icon used for "Anniversary Alarm" button in iOS 18 and below.
- Fixed Year Grid Widget progress calculation accuracy such that last day of the year should show as "100%" instead of "99.9%".
- Fixed in interactive tutorial > "Scurbbing" step, the highlight does not scroll to the correct today's entry position.

**Others**

- Greatly reduced the bundle size by offloading tutorial images and changelogs to be served remotely.
