_Drumroll please..._ **Joodle is now available on the App Store! 🎉**

Here are some things to note as we transition from TestFlight to the App Store:

1. Your existing data will be automatically migrated to the App Store version of Joodle. This means that all your saved doodles, settings, and preferences will be transferred seamlessly. So nothing to worry about!
2. The App Store version follows a different release timeline as each update will be reviewed and approved by Apple before being released. Therefore, you might notice you will get an older version of Joodle than the one you are currently using. However, rest assured that we will continue to provide updates and improvements to the App Store version to catch up quickly!
3. This TestFlight version will sunset on January 31st, 2026. After which, you will no longer have access to the TestFlight version of Joodle. We recommend you upgrade to the App Store version as soon as possible to ensure you have the latest features and improvements.
4. Where can I find the App Store version of Joodle?
   - You can directly download the App Store version of Joodle from the App Store on your iOS device. Just search for "Joodle" in the App Store, scroll down a little bit more (as Joodle is trying its best to compete with other apps 🔥), and you will find it!
   - Alternatively, in the TestFlight version of Joodle, go to "Settings" and you will see a prominent button at the very top of the page to show you the link to the App Store.
5. And the most exciting part ✨ **PROMO CODE**!
   - Yes! Joodle cannot go this far without your unwavering support as early testers. We have received so many valuable feedbacks and suggestions from you, which have helped us improve Joodle significantly. Therefore, here is an offer from us:
   - You can **apply to get a free promo code** from us by simply following the guide in the latest TestFlight version. Go to "Settings" and under the top Subscription Banner, you should see an option "How to Get Promo Code" which is a visual guide on how you can apply for a free promo code from us. Remember to leave your **email address** in order for us to contact you with the promo code ~
   - Just in case you don't find that tutorial there, here is a text guide on how you can apply:
     - Make sure you are in the TestFlight version of Joodle.
     - Take a screenshot inside the app.
     - Tap on "Done" or "Share" icon on the screen, which you will find an option "Share Beta Feedback...", tap on that.
     - In the feedback sharing screen, enter "I want a promo code" in the feedback field.
     - And then **most importantly**, leave your **email address** under the "Share Your Email" field.
     - **Submit** your feedback.
     - After that, we will receive your submission and you will receive an email from us with the promo code after we reviewed your application 🎉 Make sure to check your spam folder in case we are marked as spam 😵
   - If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to reach out to us at [joodle@liyuxuan.dev](mailto:joodle@liyuxuan.dev)

---

**What's New**

- Settings page now has a more consistent and refreshed look! All the things you need are still there, just in a more organized way 😌
- Added a new tutorial under the top Subscription Banner section in Settings, for early testers do learn how you can get a free promo code from us!

**Improvements & Bugfix**

- Fixed random doodle widget's random algorithm

**Others**

- Greatly reduced the bundle size by offloading tutorial images and changelogs to be served remotely.
